At about 2000 local time (1900 UTC), a keeper was able to control the animal and load her onto a truck to take her to Winterthur, where the other circus animals were.
There were no reports of any damage or injuries during the incident, and although police held back onlookers, at least one bystander managed to capture video of the event.
The circus said that Sabu may have escaped after being frightened by storms near Zurich.
"After returning to the circus, she was said to be tired, but ""pleased to be back."""
Welsh poet Dannie Abse (81) and his wife Joan (78) were involved in a car crash while driving from Golders Green to their holiday home in Ogmore-by-Sea, South Wales.
"Mrs. Abse died instantly; Mr Abse suffered a broken rib."
The couple was returning from a poetry reading that they both had given.
Dannie Abse is an esteemed Jewish writer who lives in Glamorgan, South Wales.
Joan Abse, his wife, was an art historian and writer.
Dannie Abse is well-known for being a poet and a medical doctor.
Abse, in fact, was a specialist at a chest clinic for over thirty years.
But Abse is best known for his writings and has received numerous literary awards and fellowships.
In 1989, he received an honorary doctorate from the Universities of Wales.
The couple worked together editing two books in the 1980s.
Joan Abse leaves behind her husband, a son, and two daughters.
Palestinian extremist group Hamas has been invited to meet with representatives of the South African government.
Hamas won the Palestinian legislative council elections of January 2006 by a landslide and is now faced with forming a government and strained ties to European Union and the United States, which classify it as a terrorist organization responsible for several suicide attacks.
The South African deputy foreign minister Aziz Pahad confirmed on Thursday that the country is preparing a meeting with the controversial group.
According to Pahad South Africa wishes to share its experiences on the transformation from the Apartheid-era to democracy with the Palestinians and Israel.
South Africa also sees it important to keep in contact with Hamas in the search for peace in the Middle East.
Sami Abu Zuhri, a Hamas spookesman said that there is no date for talks with South Africa yet.
Russia has invited leaders of the Hamas for talks, which will begin on Friday.
The Russian invitation was the first one after the elections of January 2006.
However, Russia has put Hamas under pressure to recognize Israel and renounce violence.
There have been talks between Hamas leaders and the Turkish foreign minister, Abdullah Gul.
"Israeli foreign ministry spokesman voiced his ministry's concerns that ""giving legitimacy to an unreformed Hamas"" could turn the movement ""from a terrorist organization to a political party""."
Gary Bettman, the NHL commissioner, today announced that the 2004/2005 season of the National Hockey League has been canceled.
The announcement served only as official comfirmation of what was generally expected as wild speculation had raged during the past few days.
The dispute centered around player pay caps, which where staunchly opposed by the players.
The majority of NHL clubs have lost money over the last five years and as a result the clubs wanted to cap pay at a set amount.
The club owners would not go above $42.5 million for any one club, whilst the players refused to go below $49 million.
"Speaking about the cancellation, Gary Bettman said ""The shame of this is that our fans deserve better."""
This will be the first year since 1919 that the Stanley Cup - the top prize in the NHL - will not be awarded.
That year, a flu epidemic forced the finals to be called off.
Michael Jackson's This Is It, a documentary film based on world-famous singer Michael Jackson rehearsing for his last tour before his untimely death, will be premiered in at least 15 cinemas in cities all over the world simultaneously.
The film is due to premiere on October 27 and October 28.
The world cities may be in different time zones with different dates but they will all be premiering the film at exactly the same time.
One such premiere location is Los Angeles, in the US state of California, which will have the film starting at 1800 PT.
Another simultaneity is the Odeon Leicester Square cinema in London, England, which will start at 0100 GMT on October 27.
Other locations holding concurrent premieres are the South African city of Johannesburg, New York City in New York, German capital Berlin, Russian capital city Moscow, Japanese capital Tokyo, Australian city Sydney, French capital Paris, South Korean city Seoul, and Rio de Janeiro, a large city in Brazil.
Michael Jackson died on June 25, 2009 aged 50, after suffering from a cardiac arrest.
The movie will feature some of the rehearsal footage made in the weeks before his death.
In total, there will be at least 25 cinemas premiering the film, but not all of them will be released simultaneously.
Sony Pictures, the film production company, have yet to announce the other cities involved.
Tickets for the film will be available to purchase from Sunday, September 27.
The film is directed by Kenny Ortega, who previously directed all the High School Musical films.
He also directed some significant Michael Jackson events, such as his This Is It concert and Jackson's memorial service.
"Jeff Blake, chairman of worldwide marketing and distribution for Sony Pictures, said: ""Michael Jackson has an army of fans everywhere around the world... we are giving the audiences an incredible opportunity to join together in celebration of Michael Jackson's incredible career."""
Zimbabwe tied the second Group D match in the World Cup against Ireland at Sabina Park, Kingston, Jamaica.
Four male members of the paparazzi were arrested and charged on Wednesday with reckless driving in Mission Hills, California after following Britney Spears back to her mansion.